okay guys back again as I said I was
replacing my water pump last night I
think the job finished the life that I
was using off the battery flat in the
battery size there's no big problem but
just want to show you a couple of quick
modifications and I've done to make life
a little bit simple as you know the date
datum timing mark on the harmonic
balance when you try to set the timing
the the mark that's on the the cover
here and the timing cover it's a lot
longer this little section here is a lot
longer it's it about that far so your
timing mark is actually underneath the
piece of plastic on the the timing cover
which makes it very difficult to to set
your timing correctly you're really the
only taking a guess at where it is so as
you can see what I've done
I cut it back now I still have my mark I
still have my timing mark right here
I haven't lost it and what I also did
was a painted balance and I as you can
see right here you can see it I've
remarked the timing mark with a small
farm so it's very very obvious so now
when you're harmonic balance sits in the
place like so right there you can see
how well and easy you can say the timing
mark you can have no problem setting
this for the timing right now if that's
if you've got access to a timing light
but it's gonna make the job so much
easier setting your time I quick nice
and easy at a standard the the harmonic
balance back a little bit hit with a bit
of paint and as I said before the timing
mark used to see it under on the timing
cover
this little bit of plastic the indicator
used to sit about five mil over the top
of the timing mark which made it
impossible to see the timing mark the
only other way you could do it is you
put a line down here with liquid paper
and then come across the top of the
other pulley which is a bit of pain in
the ass as I said all I did was just
chop the straight off there and made it
very very visible and very easy nice
quick easy simple modification to make
our life a lot more simple and easier